feat(root): added dark mode guidance (#1232)
mi6/ic-design-system: src/content/structured/get-started/install-components.mdx

## Using the components

<IcAlert

>   heading="Components automatically switch colours based on the user's system settings!"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  heading="Components automatically switch colours based on the user's system settings"
```

  variant="warning"
>
  <span slot="message">

>     When not implementing an ic-theme, components will adopt the colour scheme
>     of the user's system settings. Be wary of this when styling an application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When the ic-theme component is not implemented, components will default to the user's system colour scheme. Please keep this in mind when styling your application
```
